docs(ins): add az selector (#5985)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/instances/how-to/use-cloud-init.mdx

    - An [Instance](/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/)

    1. Click **CPU & GPU Instances** in the **Compute** section of the side menu. The [Instance dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/instance/servers) displays.
    2. Select the Availability Zone (AZ) from the drop-down menu (e.g., `PAR1`) to view resources in the selected AZ.
    3. Click the Instance for which you want to update **user-data**. Click on its **Name** or, at the end of the line, on <Icon name="seeMore" /> then **More info**. The Overview page for that Instance displays.
    4. Click the **Settings** tab.
    5. Scroll down to the **Cloud-init** section.
    6. The <Icon name="toggle" /> icon next to **Use cloud-init** should already be slid to the right, meaning that **user-data** are already set for this Instance.
    8. Edit the contents of the text fields to suit your needs.
    9. Click **Save**.

>     10. Start your Instance by clicking **Actions** then **Power on**.

Author: ```suggestion
    7. Edit the contents of the text fields to suit your needs.
    8. Click **Save**.
    9. Start your Instance by clicking **Actions** then **Power on**.
```
